=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::NoTabs - Author tests that ensure hard tabs are not used

=head1 VERSION

version 0.13

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [Test::NoTabs]
    finder = my_finder
    finder = other_finder

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a plugin that runs at the L<gather files|Dist::Zilla::Role::FileGatherer> stage,
providing the file F<xt/author/no-tabs.t>, a standard L<Test::NoTabs> test.

=for Pod::Coverage::TrustPod mvp_aliases
    register_prereqs
    gather_files
    munge_files

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

This plugin accepts the following options:

=head2 C<finder>

=for stopwords FileFinder

This is the name of a L<FileFinder|Dist::Zilla::Role::FileFinder> for finding
files to check.  The default value is C<:InstallModules>,
C<:ExecFiles> (see also L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ExecDir>) and C<:TestFiles>;
this option can be used more than once.

Other predefined finders are listed in
L<Dist::Zilla::Role::FileFinderUser/default_finders>.
You can define your own with the
L<[FileFinder::ByName]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::FileFinder::ByName> plugin.

=head2 C<file>

a filename to also test, in addition to any files found
earlier. This option can be repeated to specify multiple additional files.

=head2 C<filename>

The filename of the test to add - defaults to F<xt/author/no-tabs.t>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2010 by Florian Ragwitz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=cut
